gvrp
logging 10.153.29.34
timesync sntp
sntp unicast
sntp server priority 1 10.153.30.1
sntp server priority 2 10.153.30.2
snmp-server community "public" unrestricted
loop-protect disable-timer 300
no telnet-server
spanning-tree
spanning-tree 1 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 2 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 3 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 4 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 5 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 6 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 7 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 8 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 9 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 10 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 11 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 12 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 13 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 14 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 15 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 16 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 17 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 18 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 19 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 20 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 21 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree 22 bpdu-protection
spanning-tree config-name "vrrp"
spanning-tree config-revision 1
spanning-tree instance 1 vlan 1-1500
spanning-tree trap errant-bpdu
spanning-tree bpdu-protection-timeout 300
no tftp server
